(DOCSP-14650): Port JSON section (#974)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/ios/examples/read-and-write-data.txt

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ReadWriteData.codeblock.create.m
         :language: objectivec

.. _ios-create-an-object-with-json:

Create an Object with JSON
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Realm does not directly support JSON, but you can use
:apple:`JSONSerialization.jsonObject(with:options:)
<documentation/foundation/jsonserialization/1415493-jsonobject>` to

> convert JSON into something you can pass to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
convert JSON into a value that you can pass to
```

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: swift

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ReadWriteData.codeblock.json.swift
         :language: swift

   .. tab::
      :tabid: objective-c

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/ReadWriteData.codeblock.json.m
         :language: objectivec

Nested objects or arrays in the JSON map to :ref:`to-one
<ios-to-one-relationship>` or :ref:`to-many relationships
<ios-to-one-relationship>`. 

The JSON property names and types must match the destination
:ref:`object schema <ios-object-schemas>` exactly. For example:

- ``float`` properties must be initialized with float-backed ``NSNumbers``.
- ``Date`` and ``Data`` properties cannot be inferred from strings. Convert them to the appropriate type before passing to :swift-sdk:`Realm.create(_:value:update:) <Structs/Realm.html#/s:10RealmSwift0A0V6create_5value6updatexxm_ypAC12UpdatePolicyOtSo0aB6ObjectCRbzlF>`.
- Required properties cannot be ``null`` or missing in the JSON.

Realm ignores any properties in the JSON not defined in the object
schema.

.. tip::

   If your JSON schema doesn't exactly align with your Realm objects,

>    consider using a third-party framework to transform your JSON. Swift

Reviewer: The tip reads: "Swift has many model mapping frameworks that work with Realm. ..." but the link leads to frameworks for both swift and objective c. Could you rephrase this sentence to include objective c as well? Or alternatively put the .. tip:: in the tabs so that you can switch between the "Swift" and "Objective C" wording depending on the tab.
